with
on the website of the newspaper Andrei Nightingales in
during the joint assembly plants on
ces 2011
and at the vodafone booth it is this
the company brought a huge amount
interesting deserve
attention to new products
now we are in a corner dedicated
sergei components here presented
some curious devices we will begin
March later act on behalf of
Japan officiald this tablet in understanding
cruiser
our direct competitor
and samsung galaxy sp and there 10 1
and motorola to court but only in their understanding
who offers case
and four very curious detail
interest developers
so hurry to show the tablet on
open exhibition what is he
despite being developed
initially for hunters 3 0
here installed android version 2 2 there
just to not bring a model
knife activists each
day there is no no center on
these are not hardware stupid because she
new operating system sandpiper 3 0 a
all management is exactly with the help
crane and soros itself which is located
right left
the main thing is that the crane itself and now the cheese
as if aggregates of beads unscrew
so that
maybe located
special menu where you can
look
system settings and then the concert itself
percentage that is
now android version 2 2 as you can see
but we were assured that he
Andrew himself time then when this
apparatus
sales leader for consumers
it will be natural to become here
background fom and what is interesting this thing
Well, firstly, it has a metal backdrop
rub
coconut magnesium alloy ie it is not
aluminum namely ap magnesium alloy
type vessels
10 rear camera has a resolution of 5
megapixels autofocus and
LED flash in addition
the device has a front 2
After all, a megapixel camera and a percentage
screens have a resolution of 1280x800
points
in our country
n naturally diagonal 10 1 inch
what is interesting here are also present
days necrotic maybach mean you
can connect and shoot a picture to sleep
trial immediately to the big screen large
tv
well, of course, dual-core stands here
The chip of the president of the Russian Federation is ready for each core
operate at 1 gigahertz
percent plus everything that is not necessary
forget that here is one gigabyte
RAM that is basically
Almost all options are provided
for practicing the third OSes course
conflict so that users have hoes
tablet
but got the maximum
pleasure from
communication with the device
the machine has an unusual lesbian
ports that are installed now
Here is the carriage connector device its connector
micro name changed they are
completely next that is so i
guess what
working day process
decided that you can drain here
ordinary flash drive for writing
and downloading information
further separate charging connector to
Sorry, I understand that
greenhouse is invariably not charging it
will require a separate round
plug obse obsession on the top panel we
we find
packages interesting cover
under which
there is a slot for
we are not threatened with cards and a slot for
install ordinary sim card
naturally aziz maintained network
before life
well and further along
we have movement 1
special switch
which blocks the screen rotation and
naturally
volume buttons
pressing left and right edges we can
add add fragments with multimedia
on samui device
and of course the upper end like me
already said settles on it
as well as himaev I do not accept the key port
power on and connector for connection
headphone
that's all for all that discount from us
can say murder and japan but
naturally
Perhaps you can add traffic jams behind
on the river
and below special ford most likely for
dock connections
but by the way here I see it hit just
still
and the charging connector let's try
approach to give devices
extra food
n
naturally work OSes you
could not say anything because
here I become the system from which
will enter the market but in general the device is not
like no less than samsung galaxy tab percentage
probably not less than motorola to court that is
is it really already in real powerful
clip just build practically
identical serious tablets each of
them can surely quite easily ooo
Lirus on the scales of their plans 2 I do not
I know even which side is the most
the scales can bend
that is, I can tell you that we are with you
stand on the threshold of a real revolution
tablets and these yours then everything will be
more and more
Well, now we run into Japan
paternity
the process therefore that looks self defense
look based on the farthest good
the king